The last command, is the scission command.
Through the scission command we can divide a
union that is not connected in any place. Very
simple example, we have two cube objects here,
and i will create a union out of those two.
Let's create a variable to store our union in,
provide an array with the two objects. So we
have our cube object and our translated object.
And for demonstration purposes
push it into our objects array.
And it will look the same as before,
but this is now one unified object, even though
it doesn't touch at any point. But imagine you're
creating very complex shapes and do multiple
unions multiple intersects, whatever, and at some
point you want to figure out what your main body
is, that you might want to send to a 3D printer
or a CNC milling machine. And you want to get rid
of all artifacts that fly around your main object.
Then this might be interesting. Figuring out
after multiple unions, which pieces are actually
connected to one another. To do this, we can use
the scission command. Let's create a variable
for our scission and for this we simply provide
an object and now the scission command will try to
figure out, if there's any objects inside this one
big union that are not connected to one another.
And then it will return an array of all the
individual objects that are not connected to
one another. And then you would need to figure
out which is the object that you want to keep
and which objects you might want to delete. In
our case, let's just check, and we will push
from our sciObj the first resulting
object, after the scission was done.
Exists in our area. So remember
again, arrays start with the index 0.
Now it returns us one of the
cubes because after the scission
it figured out that there are two objects, that
are not connected to one another. If i check if
there's a second one. And here is our second cube
and of course i could also push both our cubes
into our rendering list and we get both
our original cubes after the union process.